Add container images cleanup settings to API (#3215)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

* `settings.ecs.metadata-service-burst`: The burst rate limit of the throttling configurations set for the task metadata service.
* `settings.ecs.reserved-memory`: The amount of memory, in MiB, reserved for critical system processes.
* `settings.ecs.task-cleanup-wait`: Time to wait before the task's containers are removed after they are stopped.
Valid time units are `s`, `m`, and `h`, e.g. `1h`, `1m1s`.
* `settings.ecs.image-cleanup-wait`: Time to wait between image cleanup cycles.
Valid time units are `s`, `m`, and `h`, e.g. `1h`, `1m1s`.

> * `settings.ecs.images-to-delete-per-cycle`: Number of images to delete in a single image cleanup cycle.

Reviewer: I don't like the switch away from the `image-` prefix here - maybe this?
```suggestion
* `settings.ecs.image-cleanup-delete-per-cycle`: Number of images to delete in a single image cleanup cycle.
```

> * `settings.ecs.image-cleanup-disabled`: Disable automatic images clean up after the tasks have been removed.

Reviewer: We've preferred the positive form of these booleans elsewhere in the API.

```suggestion
* `settings.ecs.image-cleanup-enabled`: Enable automatic images clean up after the tasks have been removed. Defaults to `true`.
```

* `settings.ecs.reserved-memory`: The amount of memory, in MiB, reserved for critical system processes.
* `settings.ecs.task-cleanup-wait`: Time to wait before the task's containers are removed after they are stopped.
Valid time units are `s`, `m`, and `h`, e.g. `1h`, `1m1s`.

> * `settings.ecs.image-cleanup-wait`: Time to wait between image cleanup cycles

Reviewer 2: Nit: missing period at the end of this sentence. With the next line being part of the same bullet, that will cause the two to run together.

Second lines should really be indented too, so they are clearly part of the same bullet item line. But at least for now, it looks like GitHub's markdown rendering handles this OK so the rendered output is correct.

Valid time units are `s`, `m`, and `h`, e.g. `1h`, `1m1s`.
* `settings.ecs.images-to-delete-per-cycle`: Number of images to delete in a single image cleanup cycle.
* `settings.ecs.image-cleanup-disabled`: Disable automatic images clean up after the tasks have been removed.
Defaults to `false`
* `settings.ecs.image-cleanup-age`: Time since the image was pulled to be considered for clean up.
Valid time units are `s`, `m`, and `h`, e.g. `1h`, `1m1s`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Unnecessary extra blank line here.
